What should we do in the face of this greatest tragedy?
I think that we should live on the spirit of the myth of Japan's creation, which is said to have made this floating country solid and solid.
We have been the only ones who have been able to create a great country from the chaos of the people of the struggle, the people of the struggle, and the people of the struggle.
I think that there is a meaning of our unique life here.
As in Japan, there are few people in the world who suffer from natural disasters such as earthquakes, storms, heavy rains, and earthquakes.
What will happen if we are afraid of earthquakes or hit by earthquakes?
We should act firmly, be fully aware of earthquakes and earthquakes, and be at ease in our actions.
The Edo period is called the flower of Edo, and we have been marching without falling into the fire.
Come, waves, come, storms.
We cannot live in Japan if we say something that is not true.
It is our duty and duty to create a shining country by overcoming the natural disasters of the world and solving the difficulties.
For this great mission, we should be happy without fear of any threat.
The sword of the god and the god of death is a new one.
It is a good thing that we do not bend the road with a hard stone like iron.
Japan is a country of anger, and it is a country of peace, but it will not fall into the pit of evil again.
Also, we should be more and more cautious and brave in every aspect because we are in a country where we cannot live without fear of death or courage.
These deep difficulties today are for the sake of getting rid of them, for the sake of not climbing, and for the sake of not climbing.
It is not a worry of death or a problem of falling into the pit of evil.
It is a test of the heaven given to us Japanese to build a great three-pointed sea and a great three-pointed sea.
There is a difficulty in making a country a power.
Everyone, the time has come.
We should be quick to revive the spirit of the country and build a country with a national unity and a true ideal.
We should ensure the peace of the whole country and make a strong determination and determination for the contribution of the world's military.